Added steps for configuring an Okta tile (#267)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/06_manage-astronomer/01_integrate-auth-system.md

### Okta Configuration

1. If you haven't already, create an [Okta account](https://www.okta.com/).

2. In your Okta account, create a new web app for Astronomer.

3. Set your `login redirect URI` to be `https://houston.BASEDOMAIN/v1/oauth/redirect/`, where the `BASEDOMAIN` is the domain at which you're hosting your Astronomer installation.

> 4. Enable `Implicit (Hybrid)` Flow on the Okta application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under **Allowed grant types**, enable `Implicit (Hybrid)`.
```

5. Save the `Client ID` generated for this Okta app for use in the next steps.

> 6. Set your Initiate Login URI to `https://houston.BASEDOMAIN/v1/oauth/start?provider=okta`  (_Optional_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To ensure that an Okta tile appears, set `Initiate Login URI` to `https://houston.BASEDOMAIN/v1/oauth/start?provider=okta`  (_Optional_).
```
